{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Verdana;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 
FollowedHyperlink;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs16\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 sitemap-arrow;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs16\cf8\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 ebooks-small;}{
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs14\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 ebooks-link;}{
\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs21 \additive \f36\fs14\cf1 \sbasedon10 
ebooks-link1;}{\*\cs22 \additive \i \sbasedon10 Emphasis;}{\s23\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 Body Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1536921\rsid3679726
\rsid7166876\rsid8848605\rsid14228523\rsid14836278}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6764;}{\info{\author Administrator}{\operator Venerable Bodhicitta}{\creatim\yr2003\mo5\dy6\hr13\min51}{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy13\hr9\min9}{\version14}{\edmins42}
{\nofpages5}{\nofwords2402}{\nofchars13694}{\*\company Buddha Dharma Education Association}{\nofcharsws16064}{\vern16391}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot8848605 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s23\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid1536921 BuddhaNet eBooks\line 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1536921 PDF File List with Description}{
\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1536921 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1536921 Web page: www.buddhanet.net/ebooks_ms.htm
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1536921 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1536921 PDF documents on Text and Teachings - Mahayana}{\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1536921  }{
\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1536921  
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14836278 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid14836278 SUPPORT THIS SERVICE: Please consider a donation to this service, as your contribution allows us to keep it free of charge. 

\par   
\par A }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid14836278\charrsid2698975 list of all BuddhaNet's eBooks (PDF documents) with a detailed description of each}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid14836278  is available by 
downloading the zipped file at:}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid14836278\charrsid2698975   }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid14836278\charrsid16196174 http://www.buddhanet.net/ebooks.htm
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8848605 {\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid8848605\charrsid8848605  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7166876 {\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (790 KB) Teachings in Chinese Buddhism \emdash  The Most Venerable Yin Shun. 
\par  
\par The Most Venerable Yin Shun\rquote s expertise and writings in Buddhism have been widely 
acknowledged by Chinese Buddhists this century. The "Miao Yun Collection" (Teachings in Chinese Buddhism) provides us with important information and a systematic approach to Buddhism. These teachings give us a clear insight into, and a deep understanding 
of Chinese Mahayana Buddhism. This book also includes a section on the position of the Chinese Tripitaka in World Buddhism.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (4,105 KB) Popular Deities of Chinese Buddhism \emdash  Kuan Ming. 
\par  
\par "This elementary book on Chinese Buddhism and its more popularly wo
rshipped Deities, has been written for the benefit of Buddhists amongst the Chinese community. Apart from giving a general outline of Buddhism and its entry into China, I have also attempted to provide brief accounts on the important doctrines that the Bu
ddha has taught, prayers that one may recite to the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, how to become a Buddhist, and a number of interesting articles that are related to Chinese Buddhism" - Kuan Ming. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (1,387 KB) Pure Land Buddhism \emdash  Patriarch Chih I & Master Thich Thien Tam. 
\par  
\par This book presents the teachings and major tenets of the Pure Land school of Buddhism ,a s seen from the perspective of two major sister schools: Zen and T\rquote ien T\rquote ai (Lotus School). Further insights,from the viewpoint of a contemporary Pure L
and Master are included in the Appendix. The principal teachings of the Pure Land School are summarized for the benefit of readers. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (794 KB) Pure-Land Zen, Zen Pure-land \emdash  Letters from Patriarch Yin Kuang.
\par  
\par Note to the reader. This is an electronic version of the book \'93Pure-Land Zen, Zen Pure-Land\'94
 (second edition 1993*), which is a translation of selected passages from the letters of Elder Master Yin Kuang, the Thirteenth Patriarch of Pure Land. The original Chinese titles are Yin Kuang Fa Shih Wen Ch\rquote a
o and Yin Kuang Ta Shih Chia Yen Lu. Except for the two pictures of Master Yin Kuang, nothing has been added or changed. However, the notes to the letters and the Glossary prepared by the Van Hien Study Group as well as the Appendix (The Practices and Vow
s of the Bodhisattva Samantabhadra) were left out, but will hopefully be added later on. T.G., May 2005, * Reprinted and donated for free distribution by The Corporate Body of the Buddha Educational Foundation, Taipei, Taiwan, R.O.C. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (743 KB) The Prajna Paramita Heart Sutra (2nd Edition) \emdash  Tr. by Tripitaka Master Hsuan Tsang. 
\par  
\par The Prajna Paramita Heart Sutra Translated from Sanskrit into Chinese by Tripitaka Master Hsuan Tsang Commentary by Grand Master T'an Hsu Translated into English by Ven. Dharma Mas
ter Lok To. The Prajna Paramita Hrydaya Sutra is the core of the Maha Prajna Paramita in six hundred scrolls. This book is based on a nine-day teaching in which Grand Master T'an Hsu went through the sutra line by line, giving a clear and extensive commen
t
ary on each one, using many carefully chosen examples along the way to make his discourse more relevant in terms of everyday life. [French Sutra Translation Committee of the United States and Canada New York - San Francisco - Toronto 2000. First published
 1995. Second Edition 2000. Sutra Translation Committee of the United States and Canada]. 
\par  
\par (1,980 KB) The Surangama Sutra \emdash  Tr. by Up\'e0saka Lu K'uan Yu (Charles Luk). 
\par  
\par The Suragama Sutra (Leng Yen Ching). Chinese Rendering by Master Paramiti of Central North India at Chih Chih Monastery, Canton, China, A.D. 705. Commentary (abridged) by Ch\rquote an Master Han Shan (1546-1623). Translated by Up\'e0
saka Lu K'uan Yu (Charles Luk). The Suragama Sutra is the text used in the Cha'n school or meditation tradition in Chinese Buddhism. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (533 KB) Commentary on the Infinite Life Sutra \emdash  Ven. Master Chin Kung. 
\par  
\par Passages from the Commentary on The Infinite Life Sutra. The full name of this sutra is: The Buddha Speaks of the Infinite Life Sutra of Adornment, Purity, Equality and Enlightenment of the Mahayana School. Mahayana sutras, such as The Lotus Flower Sutra 
a
nd The Flower Adornment Sutra, explain the way of becoming enlightened. Nevertheless, both of them are difficult to comprehend and even more so to practice. The Infinite Life Sutra provides a convenient method while it aims for the highest goal - to becom
e a Buddha.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (2,702 KB) The Diamond Sutra \emdash  Dhyana Master Hsuan Hua. 
\par  
\par A general explanation of the Vajra Prajna Paramita Sutra. This sutra says, "One should produce a heart without dwelling anywhere." The Sixth Patriarch, the Great Master Hui, heard tha
t sentence and awakened to the Way. "Any dwelling of the heart is no dwelling." Therefore, the Larger Chapters say, "If one dwells in dharmas, he does not dwell in prajna paramita. If one does not dwell in dharmas, he dwells in prajna paramita." That is w
hy every one of the Great Prajna assemblies begins with an explanation of "not dwelling". 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (895 KB) Sutra of the Medicine Buddha \emdash  Dharma Master Hsuan Jung. 
\par  
\par In the Mahayana tradition of East Asia, particularly China, Japan, Vietnam and Tibet, Bhaishajya
-guru, the Medicine Buddha, occupied a special place in the hearts of the devout. Specialising in curing diseases, both physical and mental - of which delusion is the root cause. His healing acts are but the prelude to Supreme Enlightenment for those seek
ers who have the good fortune to learn of his vows or merely to hear his name!  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (1,134 KB) The Sutra of the Master of Healing \emdash  Revised by Upasaka Shen Shou-Liang. 
\par  
\par Translated into Chinese from Sanskrit by Master Hsuan Tsang; Translated into English from the Chinese. This version by Professor Chow Su-Chia Ph.D., and revised by Upasaka Shen Shou-Liang. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (321 KB) Sutra on Ksitigarbha Bodhisatta \emdash  Translated by Ms Pitt Chin Hui. 
\par  
\par Sutra on the Original Vows and the Attainment of Merits of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, translated from Chinese into English by Ms Pitt Chin Hui, President of the Singapore Regional Centre of the World Fellowship of Buddhist. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (1,216 KB) Sutra on the Eight Great Realization of Great Beings \emdash  Thich Nhat Hanh. 
\par  
\par Wholeheartedly, day and night, a disciple of the Buddha should recite and meditate on the Eight Realizations discovered by the Mahasattvas, the Great Beings - Commentary by Venerable Thich Nhat Hanh. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (322 KB) Sutra on the Merits of the Master of Healing \emdash  Master Hsuan-tsang. 
\par  
\par Sutra on the Merits of the Fundamental Vows of the Master of Healing, The Lapis Lazuli Radiance Tathagata; Sutra of the Sacred Formula of the Binding Vows of the Twelve Deva Generals to Enrich All Sentient Beings; Sutra of Tearing Away All Karma Veils.
 From the Chinese version of the Tripitaka Master Hsuan-tsang (T'ang, 650 C.E.) T. XIV, 450. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (1,058 KB) The Vows of Bodhisattva Samantabhadra Sutra \emdash  Tr. by Upasika Chihmann. 
\par  
\par On Entering into the Inconceivable State of Emancipation by the Practice and Vows of the Bodhisattva Samantabhadra of the Mahavaipulya Buddha Avatamsaka Sutra. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (2,675 KB) Lamdre - Dawn of Enlightenment \emdash  Lama Choedak Yuthok. 
\par  
\par This is a series of lectur
es on the precious Lamdre teachings of the Sakya tradition of Tibetan Buddhism, given by Lama Choedak Yuthok. Lamdre is a complete path to enlightenment. The extraordinary qualities of Lamdre teachings are based on the Hevajra Tantra. They were initially 
received by the 7th century Indian Mahasiddha Virupa, who founded the lineage and transmitted the teachings to a line of disciples in India. Virupa also wrote pith instructions known as Vajragatha. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (487 KB) Bodhicharyavatara \emdash  Shantideva. 
\par  
\par This is the T
ibetan text with romanization of Shantideva's The Way of the Bodhisattva. Shantideva is representative of the Madhyamika school of Mahayana Buddhism. Shantideva was a king's son from South India. He flourished in the 7th to 8th centuries and was a monk at
 the monastic university Nalanda. He was the author of two surviving works, the Collection of Rules and Entering the Path of Enlightenment. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (1,615 KB) The Wisdom of Nagarjuna \emdash  Dr Peter Della Santina. 
\par  
\par Nagarjuna holds an almost unequaled place among the
 ranks of those Buddhist saints who expounded the teaching of the Buddha Sakyamuni for the benefit of the world. Nagarjuna revolutionized the interpretation of the doctrine of the Enlightened One which was current at his time and lent it a vitality and dy
n
amism which has continued to sustain it even to our day among the votaries of the Mahayana. The revolution which Nagarjuna accomplished within the fold of Buddhism was not a radical departure from the original doctrine of the Buddha Sakyamuni. On the cont
rary, the adherents of the Madhyamaka school are undoubtedly justified in asserting that their interpretation represents the true import of the doctrine of the Buddha and the essence of Buddhism. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (535 KB) Sixty Songs of Milarepa \emdash  Translated by Garma C.C. Chang. 
\par  
\par The songs printed here all concern that Dharma which is common to the whole Buddhist tradition. Among the Bhikkhus living in the Buddha's time, Vangisa Thera was outstanding for his inspired utterances (see Samyutta Nik.I.viii; Theragatha 395). 
The mind inspired and illumined with the knowledge of liberation pours forth its wisdom with ease in the shape of verses of great beauty and deep significance. Such was the case with Lord Buddha and some of his immediate disciples, and later, such was the
 case with Milarepa. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (945 KB) Manual of Zen Buddhism \emdash  D.T.Suzuki, D.Litt. 
\par  
\par Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki, D.Litt., Professor of Buddhist Philosophy in the Otani University, Kyoto, was born in 1870. He is probab
ly now the greatest living authority on Buddhist philosophy, and is certainly the greatest authority on Zen Buddhism. Dr. Suzuki writes with authority. Not only has he studied original works in Sanskrit, Pali, Chinese and Japanese, but he has an up-to-dat
e
 knowledge of Western thought in German and French as well as in the English which he speaks and writes so fluently. He is, moreover, more than a scholar; he is a Buddhist. Though not a priest of any Buddhist sect, he is honoured in every temple in Japan,
 for his knowledge of spiritual things, as all who have sat at his feet bear witness, is direct and profound.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (566 KB) M\'e3trceta's Hymn to the Buddha \emdash  Translated by Ven. S. Dhammika. 
\par  
\par An English rendering of the Satp\'e3nc\'e3satka by the 1st century Indian poet, M\'e3trceta. I-tsing, the Chinese pilgrim who travelled through India in the 7th century AD, says of M\'e3
trceta's poems: These charming compositions are equal in beauty to the heavenly flowers and rival in dignity the lofty peaks of a mountain. Consequent
ly in India all who compose hymns imitate his style, considering him the father of literature. Even men like Bodhisattvas Asanga and Vasubandhu admired him greatly.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (572 KB) Three Teachings \emdash  Ven. Tenzin Palmo. 
\par  
\par Tenzin Palmo's Teachings on Retreat, Mahamudra and Mindfulness are a delight to read. Transcribed from talks she gave in Singapore in May 1999, the teachings are delivered in plain language, seasoned with plenty of audience participation. Each subject is 
d
iscussed with humour, liveliness and compassion. She has the great gift of showing how to put the Dharma into every part of our everyday lives. Born in London in 1993, Tenzin Palmo traveled to India and was ordained as a Buddhist nun in 1964. Her 12-year 
retreat in a cave high in the Himalayas, described in the book 'Cave in the Snow', focused international attention on the role of women and their spirituality in the Buddhist context.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (474 KB) Make Your Mind an Ocean \emdash  Ven. Lama Thubten Yeshe. 
\par  
\par Aspects
 of Buddhist Psychology by the late Ven. Lama Thubten Yeshe. "To enter the spiritual path, you must begin to understand your own mental attitude and how your mind perceives things. If you're all caught up in attachment to tiny atoms, your limited, craving
 
mind will make it impossible for you to enjoy life's pleasures. External energy is so incredibly limited that if you allow yourself to be bound by it, your mind itself will become just as limited. When your mind is narrow, small things easily agitate you.
"
 In this series of lectures, Lama speaks on the nature of mind and the Buddhist approach to mental health. Of particular interest here is 'A Buddhist Approach to Mental Illness', a talk Lama gave to a group of Western mental health practitioners, and whic
h highlights the differences between the two approaches to mental health and perhaps lays the foundation for a greater understanding between the two.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (401 KB) Becoming Your Own Therapist \emdash  Ven. Lama Thubten Yeshe. 
\par  
\par Lord Buddha's timeless teachings are 
as universally relevant today as they were when they were first given, over 2,500 years ago, as Lama explains in these three general talks on the philosophy, psychology and practice of Buddhism. Although called lectures, these talks are not intended to be
 
didactic, but rather for us to use as a mirror for our minds, to allow us to look beyond the words, find ourselves, and become our own psychologist. Each lecture is followed by an informative question and answer session, where Lama expands upon aspects of
 the talks in further detail.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (528 KB) Virtue and Reality \emdash  Lama Thubten Zopa Rinpoche. 
\par  
\par Method and Wisdom in the practice of Dharma by Lama Thubten Zopa Rinpoche. The teachings of the Buddha can be divided into two categories - extensive method and pr
ofound wisdom. In this series of talks, Lama Zopa Rinpoche, spiritual director of the Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition (FPMT), offers a practical explanation of these two paths. As presented here, method is the loving, compassiona
t
e Bodhicitta and wisdom is the realisation of ultimate reality, the right view of emptiness. Through practicing method, we attain the holy body of a Buddha; through developing wisdom we attain the enlightened mind. Recognizing the workaday world reality i
n which most of his students live, Rinpoche shows us how to think and act so that every moment of our lives will be of maximum benefit to both others and ourselves.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (932 KB) Advice for Monks and Nuns \emdash  Lama Yeshe and Lama Zopa Rinpoche. 
\par  
\par The continued 
existence of the Buddha Dharma depends upon the continued existence of the Sangha - the community of ordained practitioners, monks and nuns - one of the three Buddhist Refuges. In these talks, Lama Yeshe and Lama Zopa Rinpoche explain the great benefits o
f
 practicing Dharma as an ordained person, how to keep the ordination pure, the purpose of the monastic community, how to live together as monks and nuns, and much more. The necessity for the lay community to support the Sangha is also made clear, and not 
only monks and nuns but lay practitioners, too, will gain much by reading this book.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid7166876\charrsid7166876 (804 KB) Transforming Problems Into the Dharma Path \emdash  Ven. Thubten Gyatso. 
\par  
\par These lessons will help us to understand how to transform both adverse and happy situations
 into the Dharma Path with skill, to make them worthwhile and beneficial to ourselves and others. The whole Path, all of the teachings of Shakyamuni Buddha, leads towards the understanding of our situation in the world, by which I mean understanding how w
e relate to others. Especially knowing we have a great connection with each other, that in previous lives we have been very close to each other. We have experienced kindness from all other living beings, in so many ways \emdash 
 when others have been our parents, our husbands and wives, our teachers. They have looked after us so much. Each individual is merely part of the great universal family of sentient beings \emdash  living beings with minds. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid8848605 \line }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1536921 <end of file>   
\par         
\par 
\par  
\par }}