{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Verdana;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 
FollowedHyperlink;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs16\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 sitemap-arrow;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs16\cf8\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 ebooks-small;}{
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs14\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 ebooks-link;}{
\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs21 \additive \f36\fs14\cf1 \sbasedon10 
ebooks-link1;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1649828\rsid3679726\rsid4673905\rsid5455619\rsid16016505}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6764;}{\info{\author Administrator}{\operator Venerable Bodhicitta}{\creatim\yr2003\mo5\dy6\hr13\min59}
{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy13\hr9\min9}{\version12}{\edmins32}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1421}{\nofchars8101}{\*\company Buddha Dharma Education Association}{\nofcharsws9503}{\vern16391}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot5455619 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5455619 BuddhaNet eBooks\line \line PDF File List with Description}{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5455619 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5455619 Web page: www.buddhanet.net/ebooks_hist_art.htm
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5455619 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5455619 PDF documents on Buddhist History and Art
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1649828 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16016505 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16016505 SUPPORT THIS SERVICE: Please consider a donation to this service, as your contribution allows us to keep it free of charge. 

\par   
\par A }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16016505\charrsid2698975 list of all BuddhaNet's eBooks (PDF documents) with a detailed description of each}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16016505  is available by 
downloading the zipped file at:}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16016505\charrsid2698975   }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16016505\charrsid16196174 http://www.buddhanet.net/ebooks.htm
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1649828 {\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828\charrsid1649828 
\par (723 KB) Buddhism in Sri Lanka - A Short History \emdash  H.R. Perera. 
\par  
\par This book deals with Buddhism in Sri Lanka from the time of its introduct
ion in 250 B.C. in the reign of King Devanampiya Tissa, up to Buddhism in Sri Lanka in the first half of the twentieth century, and the Buddha Jayanti, that is when the 2500th Buddha Jayanti (anniversary) was celebrated and after.
\par  
\par (1,245 KB) Buddhist Ceremonies and Ritual of Sri Lanka \emdash  A.G.S. Kariyawasam. 
\par  
\par The purpose of the present study is to highlight this often neglected face of popular Buddhism. Though the study focuses on Buddhism as practiced in Sri Lanka, the same basic round of rituals and cer
emonies, with minor variations, can be found in the other countries following Theravada Buddhism, such as Burma and Thailand. I also hope that this survey will demonstrate that the expression of Buddhist piety in devotional forms is a necessity if Buddhis
m is to survive at the popular level as a vital and vibrant force in the daily life of its adherents. 
\par  
\par (650 KB) Buddhism in Myanmar - A Short History \emdash  Roger Bischoff. 
\par  
\par This book traces the earliest contact with Buddhism in Mayanmar (Burma); the Mon and Pyu Kingdoms. Theravada Buddhism comes to Pagan. Pagan: its flowering and decline. The Shan rule. The Mayanmar build an Empire. The Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries.

\par  
\par (431 KB) Buddhism in Thailand \emdash  Karuna Kusalasaya. 
\par  
\par This is a history of Buddhism 
in Thailand - the Land of Yellow Robes. Its past and present. The Bhikkhu Sangha or the Order of monks: the two Sects or Nikayas. Wats (Temples) and Monks. The Laity. Buddhist organisations and the revival of Buddhism in Thailand.
\par  
\par (1,499 KB) Buddhism in Thailand \emdash  Published by The World Buddhist University. 
\par  
\par This work presents facts and figures about the current condition of Buddhism in Thailand, historical background sketches of the establishment and growth of the Buddhist community in Thailand and inf
ormation on Buddhist education in Thailand. (9-10 December, 2002)
\par  
\par (668 KB) The Edicts of King Asoka \emdash  English rendering by Ven. S. Dhammika. 
\par  
\par This rendering of King Asoka\rquote s Edicts is based heavily on Amulyachandra Sen\rquote s En
glish translation, which includes the original Magadhi and a Sanskrit and English translation of the text. However, many parts of the edicts are far from clear in meaning and the numerous translations of them differ widely. Therefore, I have also consulte
d the translations of C. D. Sircar and D. R. Bhandarkar and in parts favored their interpretations. Any credit this small book deserves is due entirely to the labors and learning of these scholars. - S. Dhammika.
\par  
\par (1,581 KB) King Asoka and Buddhism \emdash  Anuradha Seneviratna. 
\par  
\par King Asoka, the third monarch of the Mauryan dynasty in the third century B.C., was the first ruler of a unified India and one of the greatest political figures of all time. After he embraced the teachings of the Buddha, he transformed 
his polity from one of military conquest to one of Dharmavijaya \emdash 
 victory by righteousness and truth. By providing royal patronage for the propagation of Buddhism both within and beyond his empire, he helped promote the metamorphosis of Buddhism into a wor
ld religion that spread peacefully across the face of Asia. This collection of essays by leading Indological scholars draws upon both the inscriptions and the literary traditions to explore the relationship between King Asoka and the religion he embraced.
 In highlighting the ways in which Asoka tapped the ethical and spiritual potentials of rulership.
\par  
\par (2,671 KB) Biographies of Sachen Kunga Nyingpo & H.H. The 41st Sakya Trizin 
\par  
\par This book on the biographies of the Great Sachen Kunga Nyingpo and the curren
t lineage holder of the Sakya sect in Tibetan Buddhism, His Holiness the 41st Sakya Trizin, has been compiled by Ratna Vajra Sakya, Dolma Lhama and Lama Jampa Losel. It includes photographic material of the His Holiness Sakya Trizin.
\par  
\par (1,579 KB) Charisma in Buddhism \emdash  Ven. Piyasilo. 
\par  
\par A sociological and doctrinal study of charisma, this book discusses three past Buddhist workers \emdash  Father Sumangalo, Ananda Mangala Maha nayaka Thera, Dr. Wong Phui Weng \emdash  and a living master, the charismatic Ajahn Yantra Ama
ro of Thailand. Among other topics discussed are: \bullet  Types of charisma \bullet  Genius, leadership and charisma \bullet  The Buddha as a charismatic leader \bullet  The Sangha and the routinization of charisma
\par \bullet  Exploiting charisma \bullet  The disadvantages of charisma \bullet  Buddhist Suttas relating to charisma [being a preprint of Buddhism, Society and History: towards a postmodern perspective]
\par  
\par (1,843 KB) Honour Thy Fathers \emdash  Terry Shine. 
\par  
\par This book is intended primarily as a tribute to the late Venerable Kapilavaddho Bhikkhu (Willia
m August Purfurst, known later as Richard Randall) for whom the English Sangha Trust was formed. He stands out as a man who started and developed the founding of the first English Theravada Sangha in the Western world. For the sake of context it includes 
a very brief history of the development of Theravada Buddhism in the UK. Only the major steps of this development have been recorded here, though many other groups have contributed to the spreading of Buddhism in the UK.
\par  
\par (4,607 KB) Acariya Mun Bhuridatta - A Spiritual Biography \emdash  with Photographs. 
\par  
\par A Spiritual Biography by Acariya Maha Boowa Nanasampanno. Translated from the Thai by Bhikkhu Dick S\'e3laratano. \'c3cariya Mun Bh\'fdridatta Thera was a vipassan\'e3 meditation master of the highest caliber of this pres
ent age. He taught the profound nature of Dhamma with such authority and persuasion that he left no doubts among his students about the exalted level of his spiritual attainment. His devoted followers consist of numerous monks and laity from virtually eve
ry region of Thailand. His story is truly a magnificent one throughout: from his early years in lay life through his long endeavor as a Buddhist monk to the day he finally passed away.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828\charrsid1649828 (607 KB) Record of Buddhistic Kingdoms \emdash  Fa-Hien. 
\par  
\par Fa-Hien was a Ch
inese monk of the Eastern dynasty (4th-5th Century). In 399 he left China for India, finally arriving there after six years of hard travel. After studying Sanskrit and obtaining many Sanskrit texts of the Tripitaka (Buddhist canon), he returned to China b
y sea in 414. This text is an Account by Fa-Hien of his travels in India and Ceylon (A.D. 399-414) in Search of the Buddhist Books of Discipline. Translated and annotated with a Corean recension of the Chinese text by James Legge. 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828 
\par (1,764 KB) }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828\charrsid1649828 The Iconography of Nepalese Buddhism \emdash  Min Bahadur Shakya. }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828 (Text only)}{
\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828\charrsid1649828 
\par  
\par Nepal has a time-honoured tradition of art and culture embedded with Buddhism. In fact, the artistic tradition of Nepalese people is instrumental in elevating the status of Nepal in t
he world. In the past Nepalese artists produced many excellent images and were sent to Tibet, China, Japan and Mongolia. The purpose of this monograph is to provide some facts, materials and information on Buddhist Iconography gathered through extensive s
t
udy of canonical texts relating to Vajrayana Buddhism prevailing in Nepal and some from Tibet albeit in a humble way. The readers are specifically sculptors, artists, painters and students of Buddhism interested in Buddhist Iconography and the general pub
lic. This monograph describes important deities and images especially relevant in Nepalese context along with their functions, utility, virtues and wisdom in the path to enlightenment.  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828\charrsid1649828 (5,520 KB) The Iconography of Nepalese Buddhism \emdash  Min Bahadur Shakya. 
\par  
\par The illustrated version of "The Iconography of Nepalese Buddhism". }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828\charrsid1649828 (3,584 KB) Buddhist Arts in Thailand \emdash  Ms Charuwan Chareonla. 
\par  
\par This is a study of the development of Art and Architecture in Thailand with Buddhism. The Culture of Thailand has two important sources of origin \emdash 
 indigenous and foreign. The indigenous source comes directly from the ideas and inspiration of the people while the foreign sources came through its cultural contact with other great civilized nations such as India and China. 
In the field of art, it mainly deals with religions such as Buddhism and the cultural and artistic relationship with India, and other countries. Thai art served religion, which formed the national ideal and conception of life.
\par  
\par }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid4673905 (9,976}{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1649828\charrsid1649828  KB) Thai-Cambodian Culture - Relationship through Arts \emdash  Ms Charuwan Chareonla. 
\par  
\par Thailand and Cambodia are very close neighbours with common borders and cultural relations. The Thai people received and adopted some arts and culture from ancient Cambodia. The pre-Thai script
s and spoken words were adopted from Khmer native language. The development of Cambodian arts can be seen in the Thai art of the Lopburi period (11th to 15th century A.D.) It was occupied by the Khmers and as such the art of this period is known locally a
s
 Khmer art which deals with Mahayana elements, as in the Sri-Vijaya school of art. This school of Buddhist art marks the last stage of the growth of Buddhist art in Thailand before the rise of the Thai people to power in the land which is now called Thail
and.
\par  }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5455619\charrsid5455619  }{\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5455619   
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5455619 <end of file>
\par  
\par }}