{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Verdana;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 
FollowedHyperlink;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs16\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 sitemap-arrow;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs16\cf8\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 ebooks-small;}{
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs14\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 ebooks-link;}{
\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs21 \additive \f36\fs14\cf1 \sbasedon10 
ebooks-link1;}{\s22\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext22 Body Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2698975\rsid3679726\rsid8345972\rsid9123734\rsid16196174}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6764;}{\info{\author Administrator}{\operator Venerable Bodhicitta}{\creatim\yr2003\mo5\dy6\hr13\min59}{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy13\hr9\min8}{\version14}{\edmins67}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords4565}{\nofchars26025}
{\*\company Buddha Dharma Education Association}{\nofcharsws30529}{\vern16391}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot2698975 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s22\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9123734 BuddhaNet eBooks
\par 
\par Text and Teachings \endash  Theravada\line \line PDF File List with Description
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9123734 Web page: www.buddhanet.net/ebooks_s.htm
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9123734 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9123734 SUPPORT THIS SERVICE: Please consider a donation to this service, as your contribution allows us to keep it free of charge. 
\par   
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2698975 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2698975 A}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174  }{
\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2698975\charrsid2698975 list of all BuddhaNet's eBooks (PDF documents) with a detailed description of each}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174  is available by 
downloading the zipped file at:}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2698975\charrsid2698975   }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 http://www.buddhanet.net/ebooks.htm}{
\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2698975\charrsid16196174 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16196174 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174    
\par (633 KB) Guide to Tipitaka \emdash  Compiled by U KO Lay. 
\par  
\par The Guide to the Tipitaka is an outline of the Pali Buddhist Canonical Scriptures of Theravada Buddhism from Burma. This is a unique work, as it is probably the only material that deals in outline with the whole of the Pali Buddhist Tipitaka. The Tipitaka
 
includes all the teachings of the Buddha, grouped into three divisions: the Soutane Patch, or general discourses; the Vane Patch, or moral code for monks and nuns; and the Abhidhamma Pitaka, or philosophical teachings. An excellent reference work which gi
ves an overview of the Pali Buddhist texts. \bullet  It is recommended that you download the print version below as it is of higher quality.
\par  
\par Print Version (1,314KB, zipped file) This print version is suitable for people who can print the pages duplex and they wi
ll have 2 A5 size pages on every Landscape oriented A4 page. This file is of higher quality with bookmarks and a hyper linked series of "contents" pages.  
\par 
\par (1,815 KB) Daily Readings from Buddha's Words of Wisdom \emdash  by Ven. S. Dhammika. 
\par  
\par For over two mill
ennium the discourses of the Buddha have nourished the spiritual lives of countless millions of people in India, Sri Lanka, Burma and Thailand. This book contains extracts from some of these discourses selected from the Pali Tipitaka and also from some po
s
t-canonical writings. Rendered into readable English, presented so that one extract can be read and reflected upon each day of the year and provided with a Readers Guide, this book is an indispensable companion for anyone trying to apply the Buddha's gent
le message to their daily life. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (752 KB) Essentials of Buddhism \emdash  Ven. Pategama Gnanarama Ph.D. 
\par  
\par This book can be used as a textbook on basic Buddhism. It is based on the Theravada Buddhism syllabus of the Postgraduate Diploma Examination in Buddhist Stu
dies course of the Buddhist and Pali University of Sri Lanka. Since the work is meant for students, every chapter appears as a unit by itself and is confined to a few pages. Ven. Pategama Ganarama is the Principal of the Buddhist and Pali College of Singa
pore. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (2,274 KB) Aspects of Early Buddhist Thought \emdash  Ven. Pategama Gnanarama Ph.D. 
\par  
\par \'93All the chapters are enlightening and sociologically important. Particularly the discussion on Dhamma, medicine and sociology deserves special praise, for the novel and refreshing interpretation offered.\'94 Prof. Chandima Wijebandara. \'93
Early Buddhist redefinition of woman\rquote s social role is well documented and discussed, shedding light on the subject, so it can be viewed in a broader perspective.\'94 Senarat Wijavasundara}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174  }{
\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 Lecturer in Philosophy Buddhist and Pali College of Singapore
\par  
\par (495 KB) The Book of Protection (Paritta) \emdash  Translated by Ven. Piyadassi, Thera. 
\par  
\par This is an anthology of selected discourses of the Buddha originally compiled by teachers of the past. The introdu
ctory essay is informative and stimulating to the scholar and general reader alike. It is this ancient anthology that has now been translated from the original Pali by Piyadassi, Thera. These discourses have a special appeal not only to Theravada Buddhist
s
 but also to Mahayana Buddhists. It is interesting to find in this anthology the simpler side as well as the deeper side of the Buddha's teaching. Apart from their doctrinal value, the selected discourses, when recited, afford a protection against fear, m
isfortune and ill health.  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (241 KB) The Dhammapada, Buddha's Path of Wisdom \emdash  Ven. Acharya Buddharakkita. 
\par  
\par Translated from the Pali by Acharya Buddharakkhita and with an introduction by Bhikkhu Bodhi. The Dhammapada is the best known and most widely este
emed text in the Pali Tipitaka, the sacred scriptures of Theravada Buddhism. The work is included in the Khuddaka Nikaya ("Minor Collection") of the Sutta Pitaka, but its popularity has raised it far above the single niche it occupies in the scriptures to
 
the ranks of a world religious classic. Composed in the ancient Pali language, this slim anthology of verses constitutes a perfect compendium of the Buddha's teaching, comprising between its covers all the essential principles elaborated at length in the 
forty-odd volumes of the Pali Canon. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 \'bb\'bb Print Version Only (176KB) 
\par  
\par (592 KB) The Dhammapada, a Translation \emdash  Ven. Thanissaro, Bhikkhu. 
\par  
\par The Dhammapada, an anthology of verses attributed to the Buddha, has long been recognized as one of the masterpieces
 of early Buddhist literature. Only more recently have scholars realized that it is also one of the early masterpieces of the Indian tradition of Kavya, or belles lettres. This translation is an attempt to render the verses into English in a way that does
 justice to both of the traditions to which the text belongs. Although it is tempting to view these traditions as distinct, dealing with form (Kavya) and content (Buddhism), the ideals of Kavya aimed at combining form and content into a seamless whole.  

\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (3,839 KB) Treasury of Truth - Dhammapada (Text Version) \emdash  Ven. W. Sarada Maha Thero. 
\par  
\par This work lends itself readily to an in-depth study of this religious classic of mankind, to the great delight of both the scholar and the student. This PDF file is th
e text version only of the Illustrated Dhammapada by Ven. Sarada Maha Thero. The Pali text has explanatory translation of the verses with commentary in English.  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (21, 511 KB) Treasury of Truth - Illustrated Dhammapada \emdash  Ven. W. Sarada Maha Thero. 
\par  
\par This archived zipped file (21,511KB) is the Illustrated version of the Dhammapada or Treasury of Truth, compiled by Venerable Weragoda Sarada Maha Thero. [ PLEASE NOTE: LARGE FILE SIZE ] 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (2,026 KB) Dhammacakkappavattana Sutta \emdash  Ven. Mahasi Sayadaw. 
\par  
\par The Firs
t Discourse of the Buddha, namely the Dhammacakkappavattana Sutta, commonly known as the Great Discourse on the Wheel of Dhamma. This is a series of discourses on the Dhammacakka Sutta by the late Venerable Mahasi Sayadaw, a Questioner at the Sixth Buddhi
st Council in Myanmar, (Burma) 1954. Translated by U Ko Lay.
\par  
\par (504 KB) Transcendental Dependent Arising \emdash  Bhikkhu Bodhi. 
\par  
\par An Exposition of the Upanisa Sutta. Dependent Arising (paticcasamuppada) is the central principle of the Buddha's teaching, constitu
ting both the objective content of its liberating insight and the germinative source for its vast network of doctrines and disciplines. So crucial is this principle to the body of the Buddha\rquote 
s doctrine that an insight into dependent arising is held to be sufficient to yield an understanding of the entire teaching. In the words of the Buddha: "He who sees dependent arising sees the Dhamma; he who sees the Dhamma sees dependent arising."
\par  
\par (2,620 KB) Sigalovada Sutta - Illustrated \emdash  Compiled by Ven. K. Dhammasiri. 
\par  
\par The Sigalovada in Pictures. A Pictorial presentation of the Buddha's advice to the layman, Sigala on the duties of the householder. Compiled by Venerable K. Dhammasiri. Artwork by K. W. Janaranjana.
\par  
\par (1,128 KB) Maha Satipatthana Sutta \emdash  Translated by U Jotika & U Dhamminda. 
\par  
\par Practise in accordance with this Mahasatipatthana Sutta so that you can see why it is acknowledged as the most important Sutta that the Buddha taught. Try to practise all the different sections from time to time as they are 
all useful, but in the beginning start with something simple such as being mindful while walking, or the mindfulness of in and out breathing. Then as you practise these you will be able to practise the other sections contained within this Sutta and you wi
l
l find that all the four satipatthanas can be practised concurrently. A Sutta should be read again and again as you will tend to forget its message. The message here in this Sutta is that you should be mindful of whatever is occurring in the body and mind
, whether it be good or bad, and thus you will become aware that all conditioned phenomena are impermanent, unsatisfactory and not self.
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 High quality: Print Version - Maha Satipatthana Sutta for downloading (1,626 KB zipped file)
\par  
\par (1,027 KB) The Mission Accomplished \emdash  Ven. Pategama Gnanarama Ph.D. 
\par  
\par A historical analysis of the Mahaparinibbana Sutta of the Digha Nikaya of the Pali Canon. "The Mission Accomplished is undoubtedly an eye opening contribution to Buddhist analytical Pali studies. In this analyt
ical and critical work Ven. Dr. Pategama Gnanarama enlightens us in many areas of subjects hitherto unexplored by scholars. His views on the beginnings of the Bhikkhuni Order are interesting and refreshing. They might even be provocative to traditional re
aders, yet be challenging to the feminists to adopt a most positive attitude to the problem". Prof. Chandima Wijebandara, University of Sri Jayawardhanapura, Sri Lanka.
\par  
\par (896 KB) The Debate of King Milinda \emdash  Bhikkhu Pesala. 
\par  
\par The Milanda Panna is a famous work of Buddhist literature, probably compiled in the 1st century B.C. It presents Buddhist doctrine in a very attractive and memorable form as a dialogue between a Bactrian Greek king, Milinda, who plays the 'Devil's Advocat
e
' and a Buddhist sage, Nagasena. The topics covered include most of the questions commonly asked by Westerners. This abridgment provides a concise presentation of this masterpiece of Buddhist literature. The introduction outlines the historical background
 against which the dialogues took place, indicating the meeting of two great cultures that of ancient Greece and the Buddhism of the Indus valley, which was the legacy of the great Emperor Asoka.
\par  
\par (3,416 KB) The Buddha and His Teachings \emdash  Ven. Narada Maha Thera. 
\par  
\par Many valuable books have been written by Eastern and Western scholars, Buddhists and non-Buddhists alike, to present the life and teachings of the Buddha to those who are interested in Buddhism. This treatise is another humble attempt made by a m
ember of the Order of the Sangha, based on the Pali Texts, commentaries, and traditions prevailing in Buddhist countries, especially in Sri Lanka. The first part of the book deals with the Life of the Buddha, the second with the Dhamma, the Pali term for 
His Doctrine.
\par  
\par (1,481 KB) A Manual of Abhidhamma \emdash  Ven. Narada Maha Thera. 
\par  
\par Abhidhamma is the Higher Teaching of the Buddha. It expounds the quintessence of His profound doctrine. The Dhamma, embodied in the Sutta Pi\'f1aka, is the conventional teaching, an
d the Abhidhamma is the ultimate teaching. In the Abhidhamma both mind and matter, which constitute this complex machinery of man, are microscopically analysed. Chief events connected with the process of birth and death are explained in detail. Intricate 
points of the Dhamma are clarified. The Path of Emancipation is set forth in clear terms.
\par  
\par (690 KB) Abhidhamma Studies (Buddhist Psychology) \emdash  Ven. Nyanaponika Thera. 
\par  
\par The content of these studies is rather varied: they include philosophical and psycholo
gical investigations, references to the practical application of the teachings concerned, pointers to neglected or unnoticed aspects of the Abhidhamma, textual research etc. This variety of contents serves to show that wherever we dig deep enough into tha
t inexhaustible mine, the Abhidhamma literature, we shall meet with valuable contributions to the theoretical understanding and practical realization of Buddhist doctrine. 
\par  
\par (3,254 KB) Buddha Abhidhamma - Ultimate Science \emdash  Dr Mehn Tin Mon. 
\par  
\par The Buddha's
 ultimate teaching, known as the Abhidhamma, describes in detail the natures of the ultimate realities that really exist in nature but are unknown to scientists. His method of verification is superior to scientific methods which depend on instruments. He 
u
sed his divine-eye to penetrate the coverings that hide the true nature of things. He also taught others how to develop concentration and how to observe with their mind-eyes the true nature of all things and finally the four Noble Truths which can enlight
en one to achieve one's liberation from all miseries for ever!
\par  
\par (1,673 KB) Practising Dhamma with a View to Nibbana \emdash  Radhika Abeysekera. 
\par  
\par Radhika Abeysekera began teaching and writing books on the Dhamma to help reintroduce Buddhism to immigrants in non
-Buddhist countries. The books are designed in such a manner that a parent or educator can use them to teach Buddhism to a child. Mrs. Abeysekera feels strongly that parents should first study and practise the Dhamma to the best of their ability to obtain
 
maximum benefits, because what you do not possess you cannot give to your child. The books were also designed to foster understanding of the Dhamma among non-Buddhists, so that there can be peace and harmony through understanding and respect for the philo
sophies and faiths of others.
\par  
\par (3,129 KB) The Teachings of Ajahn Chah \emdash  Ven. Ajahn Chah. 
\par  
\par The following Dhamma books of Ajahn Chah have been included in this collection of Ajahn Chah's Dhamma talks: Bodhinyana (1982); A Taste of Freedom (fifth impression
.2002); Living Dhamma (1992); Food for the Heart (1992); The Path to Peace (1996); Clarity of Insight (2000); Unshakeable Peace (2003); Everything is Teaching Us (2004). Also some as yet unpublished talks have been included in the last section called `Mor
e Dhamma Talks'. We hope our efforts in compiling this collection of Dhamma talks of Ajahn Chah will be of benefit. (Wat Pah Nanachat)
\par  
\par (1,249 KB) A Taste of Freedom \emdash  Ven. Ajahn Chah. 
\par  
\par Venerable Ajahn Chah always gave his talks in simple, everyday language. His objective was to clarify the
\par Dhamma, not to confuse his listeners with an overload of information. Consequently the talks presented here have been rendered into correspondingly simple English. The aim has been to present Ajahn Chah\rquote 
s teaching in both the spirit and the letter. In 1976
 Venerable Ajahn Chah was invited to England together with Ajahn Sumedho, the outcome of which was eventually the establishment of the first branch monastery of Wat Pa Pong outside of Thailand. Since then, further branch monasteries have been established 
in England, Switzerland, Australia, New Zealand and Italy.
\par  
\par (1,479 KB) Bhavana Vandana - Book of Devotion \emdash  Compiled by Ven. Gunaratana. 
\par  
\par The purpose of this book is manifold. One is to teach the users of this Vandana book how to pronounce Pali words cor
rectly. By the daily repetition of these Pali verses and Suttas people can learn the Pali pronunciation without much effort. Secondly we intend to teach people the Pali language without much toil. Therefore we made one half of our chanting in English, so 
p
eople learn the meaning of what they chant in Pali and later on they can compare the English with the Pali. Thirdly, we intend to teach people Dhamma through devotional service. In order to fulfill all these purposes we decided to include certain Suttas w
hich are not normally used in Viharas for vandana service.
\par  
\par (1,690 KB) Ordination Procedure \emdash  Pali / English. 
\par  
\par Ordination Procedure, was composed by Somdet Phra Sanghar\'e0ja Pussadeva of Wat R\'e0japratis\'f1hasthita Mah\'e0s\'e3m\'e0r\'e0ma. His Eminence reformed some of the text and procedure for Pabbajj\'e0 and Upasampad\'e0
 from the original text. The method of Pabbajj\'e0 (Going-forth) and Upasampad\'e0 (Acceptance) in the Southern School (that is, Therav\'e0da) uses the original Magadha (P\'e0li) language. 
\par  
\par (435 KB) Chanting Book \emdash  Pali / English. 
\par  
\par This is the standard Morning and Evening Chanting Book, with Protective Discourses, commonly chanted in many Theravadin temples and monasteries. The text is in both Pali and English.
\par  
\par (402 KB) A Pali Word A Day \emdash  Mahindarama Sunday Pali School. 
\par  
\par A selection of Pali words for daily reflection. This booklet aims to assist new Buddhist students who are unfamiliar with some of the Pali words often used in the study of Buddhism. As the title suggests, it encourages the learning and use of Pal
i words by learning one word a day. This booklet can serve both as a dictionary and a glossary of terms for your reference. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (1642 KB) Pali Buddhist Dictionary [4th Edition] \emdash  Ven. Nyanatiloka [Pali Studies] 
\par  
\par This is an authentic dictionary of Buddhist d
octrinal terms, used in the Pali Canon and its Commentaries. It provides the reader not with a mere enumeration of Pali terms and their English equivalents, but offers precise and authentic definitions and explanations of canonical and post-canonical term
s and doctrines, based on the Suttas, Abhidhamma and the Commentaries.  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (822 KB) Elementary Pali Course \emdash  Ven. Narada, Thera. [Pali Studies] 
\par  
\par This Elementary Pali Course by the late Venerable Narada Thera, the renowned Buddhist scholar of the Vjirarama V
ihara, Colombo, Sri Lanka, is the standard work for the study of the elementary level of Pali. Pali was the language spoken by the Buddha, and employed by him to expound his teachings. It is also the scriptural language used by the Theravada school of Bud
dhism.  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (479 KB) A Grammar of the Pali Language \emdash  Chas Durioselle. [Pali Studies] 
\par  
\par Most introductory Pali grammar books consist of lessons that teach the elements of the language in stages, but because of that they are also very difficult to use as a ref
erence when you need to look up a noun's declension, or a verb's conjugation. Because of its practical and comprehensive coverage of the elements of the Pali language in complete chapters, this book is a very useful reference. It was not written for lingu
istics experts, but for students with little experience studying Pali grammar.  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (930 KB) With Robes & Bowl - Glimpses of the Thudong Bhikkhu Life \emdash  Bhikkhu Kantipalo.
\par  
\par As much as can easily be written of the thudong bhikkhu\rquote s life is contained in these sk
etches. Just as the flavor of soup is not to be told even in one thousand pages, so the real flavor of this Ancient Way cannot be conveyed by words. Soup is to be tasted: the thudong life is to be lived. If it sounds hard, one must remember that its rewar
d
s are great, and in the field of Dhamma-endeavor, nothing is gained without effort. The world wants everything quick-and-easy but the fruits of the holy life are thus only for those who have already put forth their energy, already striven hard for the goa
l. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (1,000 KB) The Bhikkhus' Rules - Guide for Laypeople \emdash  Bhikkhu Ariyesako. 
\par  
\par The Theravadin Buddhist Monk's Rules by compiled and explained by Bhikkhu Ariyesako. This compilation is for anyone interested about bhikkhus and about how to relate to them. Some may think that this lineage follows an overly traditionalist approach but t
h
en, it does happen to be the oldest living tradition. A slight caution therefore to anyone completely new to the ways of monasticism, which may appear quite radical for the modern day and age. The best introduction, perhaps essential for a true understand
ing, is meeting with a practising bhikkhu who should manifest and reflect the peaceful and joyous qualities of the bhikkhu's way of life.  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (1,354 KB) The Bhikkhuni Patimokkha of the Six Schools \emdash  Chatsumarn Kabilsingh Ph.D. 
\par  
\par Dr. Chatsumarn Kabilsingh has
 translated the monastic rules of Buddhist nuns or the Patimokkha of the Six Schools, which will help us to learn and compare Theravada, Mahasanghika, Mahisasaka, Sarvastivada, Dhamagupta and Mula-Sarvastivada. The study of the patimokkha also provides in
sight into the historical context from which the rules took place. This translation will also provide valuable material for concerned Buddhist scholars.
\par  
\par (1,773 KB) Inspiration from Enlightened Nuns \emdash  Susan Elbaum Jootla. 
\par  
\par In this booklet we will be exploring poems composed by the arahant bhikkhunis or enlightened Buddhist nuns of old, looking at these poems as springs of inspiration for contemporary Buddhists. From the poems of the enlightened nuns of the Buddha\rquote 
s time contemporary followers of the Noble
 Eightfold Path can receive a great deal of instruction, help and encouragement. These verses can assist us in developing morality, concentration and wisdom, the three sections of the path. With their aid we will be able to work more effectively towards e
liminating our mental defilements and towards finding lasting peace and happiness.
\par 
\par (2,799 KB) Buddhist Women at the Time of the Buddha \emdash  Hellmuth Hecker. 
\par  
\par The following stories of Buddhist women at the time of the Buddha, written by Hellmuth Hecker, ha
ve been translated from the German. While every effort has been made by the translator to conform to the original writing, some changes had to be made for the sake of clarity. The stories of Bhadda Kundalakesa and Patacara have been enlarged and filled in
. It is hoped that this booklet will serve as an inspiration to all those who are endeavoring to tread in the Buddha\rquote s footsteps - Sister Khema (translator). 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (342 KB) The Buddha and His Disciples \emdash  Ven. S. Dhammika. 
\par  
\par Taking a different perspective from t
he usual biographies of the Buddha, the author retells the great man's story using the society of the time as the backdrop and the Buddha's interactions with his contemporaries as the main theme. We discover what the Buddha was like as a person, how he ta
ught and how he changed the lives of all who were blessed enough to come into contact with him. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (886 KB) No Inner Core: An Introduction to the Doctrine of Anatta \emdash  Sayadaw U Silananda. 
\par  
\par Anatt\'e0 is a P\'e0li word consisting of a negative prefix, \lquote an\rquote  meaning 
not, plus atta, soul, and is most literally translated as no-soul. The word atta, however, has a wide range of meanings, and some of those meanings cross over into the fields of psychology, philosophy, and everyday terminology, as, for example, when atta 
can mean self, being, ego, and personality. Therefore, we will examine and elucidate the wide range of meanings which atta can signify in order to determine exactly what the Buddha denied when He proclaimed that He teaches anatt\'e0
, that is, when He denied the existence of atta. We will examine both Buddhist and non-Buddhist definitions of the term soul, and we will also examine modern definitions of terms such as ego and self. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (1,169 KB) Volition: An Introduction of the Law of Kamma \emdash  Sayadaw U Silanada. 
\par  
\par What is kamma? The Buddha said: \'93Oh monks, it is volition that I call kamma.\'94
 The popular meaning of kamma is action or doing, but as a technical term, kamma means volition or will. When you do something, there is volition behind it, and that volition, tha
t mental effort, is called kamma. The Buddha explained that, having willed, one then acts through body, speech, and mind. Whatever you do, there is some kind of kamma, mental effort, will, and volition. Volition is one of the fifty-two mental states which
 arise together with consciousness. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (1,739 KB) The 31 Planes of Existence \emdash  Ven. Suvanno Mahathera. 
\par  
\par The suttas describe the 31distinct "planes" or "realms" of existence into which beings can be reborn during their long wanderings through samsara. These 
range from the extraordinarily dark, grim, and painful hell realms all the way up to the most sublime, refined and exquisitely blissful heavenly realms. Existence in every realm is impermanent; in the cosmology taught by the Buddha there is no eternal hea
ven or hell. Beings are born into a particular realm according to both their past kamma and their kamma at the moment of death. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (1,662 KB) The Roots of Good and Evil \emdash  Ven. Nyanaponika Thera. 
\par  
\par Greed, hatred, and delusion - these are the three bad roots in us. Conversely the good ones are non-greed (i.e generosity), non-hatred (love), and non-delusion (wisdom). All our troubles and suffering stem essentially from the bad roots while our joy and 
h
appiness comes from the good ones. It is important to know and understand these roots if we are going to make an end of suffering and attain true peace and happiness. This book explains in a penetrative way the nature of these six roots. It contains disco
urses of the Buddha on the subject together with traditional commentarial explanations. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (1,050 KB) Good, Evil & Beyond: Kamma in the Buddha's Teachings \emdash  Bhikkhu P.A. Payutto. 
\par  
\par For the modern Westerner, the teaching of kamma offers a path of practice bas
ed not on fear of a higher authority, nor dogma, but rather founded on a clear understanding of the natural law of cause and effect as it relates to human behaviour. It is a teaching to be not so much believed as understood and seen in operation.  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (2,797 KB) Dying to Live: The Role of Kamma in Dying & Rebirth \emdash  Aggacitta Bhikkhu. 
\par  
\par There are different views and beliefs about what happens after death. Tibetan (Vajray\'e0na) and Chinese (Mah\'e0y\'e0na) Buddhists believe that after death, the spirit of the dead pers
on passes through an intermediate period (bardo in Tibetan, zhong yin in Mandarin) \emdash  which may last for as long as forty-nine days \emdash  during which it undergoes a series of unearthly, extraordinary experiences, including a \'93small death\'94
 at the end of each week, before it is finally reborn into another realm of existence. In contrast, orthodox Theravada Buddhism, which is the earliest extant record of Gotama Buddha\rquote 
s teaching, asserts that rebirth takes place immediately after death.
\par  
\par (2,250 KB) Kathina: Then and Now \emdash  Aggacitta Bhikkhu. 
\par  
\par The kathina ceremony is now an internationally established celebration where the Sangha and the laity meet to participate in mutually rewarding, meritorious activities. Throughout the centuries, the way of carrying out the 
ceremony has changed with local interpretations, practices and customs. How much has deviated from the original scriptural tradition \emdash 
 how much is in accordance with the scriptures and how much is mere invention? In this booklet, Venerable Aggacitta Bhikkh
u combines his scriptural knowledge and practical experience to scrutinise the kathina ceremony through two articles: The Scriptural Tradition of Kathina; Kathina Benefits \emdash  Illusion, Delusion and Resolution. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (1,986 KB) Acariya Mun Bhuridatta - A Spiritual Biography \emdash  Tr. Bhikkhu Dick Silaratano. 
\par  
\par A Spiritual Biography by Acariya Maha Boowa Nanasampanno. Translated from the Thai by Bhikkhu Dick S\'e3laratano. Acariya Mun Bh\'fdridatta Thera was a vipassan\'e3 meditation master of the highest caliber of this prese
nt age. He taught the profound nature of Dhamma with such authority and persuasion that he left no doubts among his students about the exalted level of his spiritual attainment. His devoted followers consist of numerous monks and laity from virtually ever
y region of Thailand. His story is truly a magnificent one throughout: from his early years in lay life through his long endeavor as a Buddhist monk to the day he finally passed away. [This eBook is also available with photographs ] 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (4,164 KB) Acariya Mun Bhuridatta - Screen Version \emdash  Tr. Bhikkhu Dick Silaratano. 
\par  
\par A high quality screen version of the above. This edition is made with InDesign 2. Please note: Large file size. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (3,992 KB) Clearing the Path \emdash  Nanavira Thera. [Screen Viewing]
\par  
\par NOTE: There are
 3 versions of Clearing the Path. This version is made for screen viewing and is very similar to the "book" version. However it is not designed to be printed because the pages are not a standard size (the pages have been cropped for easier screen viewing)
. 
\par It cannot be expected that this material, which poses a clear challenge to the mainstream version of Buddhism, will gain any great popularity among the majority of Buddhists \emdash  Eastern or Western \emdash 
 but at least it can suggest an alternative approach to the Buddha's original Teaching, and perhaps serve as a useful eye-opener for those seeking an understanding of its more fundamental principles. 
\par  
\par (3,681 KB) Clearing the Path \emdash  Nanavira Thera. [Print Version 01]
\par  
\par NOTE: Primarily the PDF "CtPbookV1.pdf" is 
made to be printed as a book. Other versions of this PDF are modified to be better viewed on screen - whilst another is already "pre-printed" in PDF format as a "2-up" meaning that there are 2 pages per A4 Landscape oriented page to make for easier printo
ut (on A4 paper) for personal use.
\par  
\par (2,602 KB) Clearing the Path \emdash  Nanavira Thera. [Print Version 02]
\par  
\par NOTE: The primary book version was made for printing as a book so it was not optimised for onscreen viewing or personal printout. This version "2upbookc
tpv1.PDF" has been reprinted (Distilled) via Acrobat so that there are now 2 pages per A4 page in Landscape orientation (rather than usual Portrait orientation) so as to make personal printouts for reading much easier. The same effect could be obtained by
 using the original "CtPbookv1.pdf" and printing that via your desktop printer driver so as to have 2 pages per page (if possible).
\par  
\par (726 KB) Vandana: Pali Devotional Chanting \emdash  by Ven. E. Indaratana. 
\par  
\par Pali Devotional Chanting and Hymns - It is beneficial for every Buddhist to recite daily at least a few verses from the Vandana, recalling to mind the sublime qualities of the Buddha, Dhamma and the Sangha. Contemplation on these great qualities will make
 our minds calm, peaceful and serene.
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 \bullet  Audio files of the chanting are available in BuddhaNet's Audio section. 
\par  
\par (1,542 KB) Theravadin Buddhist Chinese Funeral \emdash  Ven. Suvanno. 
\par  
\par Generally, a Chinese funeral is a mixture of Taoist, Confucian and Buddhist 
rites. How then should a Theravadin Buddhist funeral be conducted? Venerable Suvanno, a respected and senior Theravadin Buddhist monk of Chinese descent explains how a Theravadin Buddhist Chinese funeral may be conducted. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (2,650 KB) Forest Path \emdash  Wat Pah Nanachat community. 
\par  
\par This book provides a present-moment snapshot of the International community of Wat Pah Nanachat, Thailand. The articles come from a broad cross-section of the community from the abbot to the most newly ordained novice. It opens with 
excerpts from two chapters of 'Water Still, Water Flowing', Ajan Jayasaro's forthcoming biography of Ajan Cha's life and teachings. To give a visual impression of monastic life, the book also contains a number of photographs and a selection of illustratio
ns by Ajan Abhinano. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174 (3,602 KB) Introduction to Basic Pathana \emdash  Ashin Janakabhivamsa. (Burmese Script) 
\par  
\par This is a commentary on the seventh Book of the Abhidhamma: Patthana - "The Book of Causal Relations". Which is the most important and voluminous book
 of the Abhidhamma Pitaka, by the late renowned Burmese scholar monk, Ashin Janakabhivamsa. (Please note the text is in Burmese script )  
\par   
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid16196174\charrsid16196174   }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9123734 <end of file>
\par  
\par }}