{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Verdana;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 
FollowedHyperlink;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs16\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 sitemap-arrow;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs16\cf8\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 ebooks-small;}{
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs14\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 ebooks-link;}{
\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs21 \additive \i \sbasedon10 Emphasis;}{
\s22\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 Definition Term;}{\s23\ql \li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext22 Definition List;}{\*\cs24 \additive \i Definition;}{\s25\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs48\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning36\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H1;}{
\s26\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs36\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H2;}{\s27\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H3;}{\s28\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel4\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H4;}{
\s29\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel5\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H5;}{\s30\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel6\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs16\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H6;}{\s31\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \i\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 Address;}{
\s32\ql \li360\ri360\sb100\sa100\widctlpar\faauto\rin360\lin360\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext32 Blockquote;}{\*\cs33 \additive \i CITE;}{\*\cs34 \additive \f2\fs20 CODE;}{\*\cs35 \additive \b\f2\fs20 
Keyboard;}{\s36\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6713\tx7672\tx8631\tx9590\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext36 Preformatted;}{\s37\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\brdrt\brdrdb\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \v\f1\fs16\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \shidden HTML Bottom of Form;}{\s38\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\v\f1\fs16\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \shidden HTML Top of Form;}{\*\cs39 \additive \f2 Sample;}{\*\cs40 \additive \b \sbasedon10 Strong;}{\*\cs41 \additive \f2\fs20 Typewriter;}{\*\cs42 \additive \i Variable;}{\*
\cs43 \additive \v\cf6 HTML Markup;}{\*\cs44 \additive \v Comment;}}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1711443\rsid3679726\rsid5972243\rsid6644223\rsid9387355}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6764;}{\info
{\author Administrator}{\operator Venerable Bodhicitta}{\creatim\yr2003\mo5\dy6\hr13\min29}{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy13\hr9\min8}{\version14}{\edmins110}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords3723}{\nofchars21224}{\*\company Buddha Dharma Education Association}
{\nofcharsws24898}{\vern16391}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot1711443 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s27\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs28\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9387355 BuddhaNet eBooks\line 
\par PDF File List with Description
\par }\pard \s27\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9387355 Web page: www.buddhanet.net/ebooks_g.htm
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9387355 
\par }{\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9387355 PDF documents on General Buddhism}{\b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9387355 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5972243 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5972243 SUPPORT THIS SERVICE: Please consider a donation to this service, as your contribution allows us to keep it free of charge. 

\par   
\par A }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5972243\charrsid2698975 list of all BuddhaNet's eBooks (PDF documents) with a detailed description of each}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5972243  is available by 
downloading the zipped file at:}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5972243\charrsid2698975   }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid5972243\charrsid16196174 http://www.buddhanet.net/ebooks.htm
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1711443 {\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1711443\charrsid1711443  
\par }\pard\plain \s36\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1530\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6713\tx7672\tx8631\tx9590\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6644223 \f2\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {
\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223  }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (1,523 KB) Good Question, Good Answer [Revised 4th edition] \emdash  Ven. S. Dhammika.
\par  
\par This is a very popular book on questions and answers on basic Buddhism. Read the answers to questions that people often ask about the Buddha's Teachings with Venerable S. Dhammika. The book 
covers topics such as What is Buddhism? Basic Buddhist Concepts, Buddhism and the god Idea, The Five Precepts, Rebirth, Meditation, Wisdom and Compassion, Vegetarianism, Good Luck and Fate and Becoming a Buddhist.}{
\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 
\par \bullet  Chinese version: Good Question, Good Answer (2,379 KB)
\par \bullet  Sinhalese version: Good Question, Good Answer (2,722 KB)
\par \bullet  Spanish version: Good Question, Good Answer (330 KB)
\par \bullet  Arabic version: Good Question, Good Answer (253 KB)
\par  
\par (246 KB) The Four Noble Truths \emdash  Ven. Ajahn Sumedho. 
\par  
\par The Four Noble
 Truths are the central Teaching of the Buddha. This booklet was compiled and edited from talks given by Venerable Ajahn Sumedho on the teaching of the Buddha: that the unhappiness of humanity can be overcome through spiritual means. The teaching is conve
yed through the Buddha\rquote s Four Noble Truths, first expounded in 528 BC in the Deer Park at Sarnath near Varanasi, India and kept alive in the Buddhist world ever since.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (148 KB) Now is the Knowing \emdash  Ven. Ajahn Sumedho. 
\par  
\par This small book represents the wish of some of those fortunate enough to have received Dhamma teachings from Venerable Ajahn Sumedho to share them with others. The first section describes what taking the Three Refuges in the Buddha, Dhamma and Sangha mean
s; and the second section is composed of passages from three or four different talks on the subject of Mindfulness of Breathing. Lastly, the book discusses happiness, unhappiness and Nibanna.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (511 KB) Intuitive Awareness \emdash  Ven. Ajahn Sumedho. 
\par  
\par This boo
k is a small sample of the talks that Ajahn Sumedho offered during the winter retreat of 2001. The aim of the editors in compiling this book has been explicitly to maintain the style and spirit of the spoken word. As Ajahn Sumedho himself commented, "The 
book is meant to be suggestions of ways to investigate conscious experience. It's not meant to be a didactic treatise on Pali Buddhism." 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (1,188 KB) The Noble Eightfold Path - The Way to the End of Suffering \emdash  Bhikkhu Bodhi. 
\par  
\par The essence of the Buddha\rquote s 
teaching can be summed up in two principles: the Four Noble Truths and the Noble Eightfold Path. The first covers the side of doctrine, and the primary response it elicits is understanding; the second covers the side of discipline, in the broadest sense o
f that word, and the primary response it calls for is practice. In the structure of the teaching these two principles lock together into an indivisible unity called the dhamma-vinaya, the doctrine-and-discipline, or, in brief, the Dhamma.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (488 KB) The Eightfold Path for the Householder \emdash  Jack Kornfeld. 
\par  
\par This text is a transcript of teachings given by Jack Kornfeld on the Eightfold Path. These teachings are aimed at the householder. Each part of the Eightfold Path is explained in a separate chapter. The 
tone of the teaching is contemporary and non-technical. The universality and relevance of the Buddha's teaching are illustrated by numerous quotations from more recent luminaries. There are also some useful exercises which enable the reader to experience 
the truth of these teachings.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (276 KB) Fundamentals of Buddhism \emdash  Dr Peter D. Santina. 
\par  
\par Dr Santina covers what we might call the basic Buddhist teachings over a series of twelve lectures. The basic teachings outlined here include: the Life of the Buddh
a, the Four Noble Truths, the Noble Eightfold Path, Karma, Rebirth, Dependent Origination, The Three Universal Characteristics and The Five Aggregates. Dr Santina also puts Buddhism into its context by describing the pre-Buddhist background and gives an o
verview of Buddhism from a modern perspective in a very readable way.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (2,233 KB) The Tree of Enlightenment \emdash  Dr Peter D. Santina. 
\par  
\par This book is an elaboration of Dr Santina "Fundamentals of Buddhism". In keeping with the original objectives of the stud
y of basic Buddhism, this book is - as far as possible - non-technical. It is intended for the ordinary readers not having any special expertise in Buddhist studies or in Buddhist canonical languages. This book can supply a general introduction to the maj
or traditions of Buddhism, but does not pretend to be complete or definitive. This book will serve as the beginning of its readers' Buddhist education and not the end of it. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (481 KB) The Buddha, His Life and Teachings \emdash  Ven. Piyadassi. 
\par  
\par This is a compre
hensive and authentic book on the Buddha and his Teachings by Piyadassi. The author, Venerable Mahathera Piyadassi is one of the world's most eminent Buddhist monks, a highly revered teacher of great renown, a indefatigable worker for the Buddha Dhamma. "
The ages roll by and the Buddha seems not so far away after all; his voice whispers in our ears and tells us not to run away from the struggle but, calm-eyed, to face it, and to see in life ever greater opportunities for growth and advancement".  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (124 KB) Buddhism in a Nutshell \emdash  Ven. Narada, Thera. 
\par  
\par This is a classic on the basics of Buddhism by the late Ven. Narada Thera: The Story of the Buddha; The Teachings (Dhamma) is it a philosophy? Is Buddhism a religion? Is Buddhism as Ethical system? Some sali
ent features of Buddhism. Karma or the Law of Moral Causation. Rebirth. Dependent Arising (Paticca Samuppada). Anatta or Soul-lessness. Nibanna and The Path to Nibbana. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (1,240 KB) Essential Themes of Buddhist Lectures \emdash  Ven. Sayadaw U Thittila. 
\par  
\par The contents of this book comprise a collection of expanded notes on talks on Buddhism given by this famous Burmese Buddhist master, Venerable Sayadaw U Thittilla in the west over the period 1938-1983. Some of the themes are: 'What is Buddhism', 'Likes an
d Dislikes', 'A Short History of Buddhism', 'What Kamma Is', 'The Path to Nibbana' and 'The Abhidhamma Philosophy'. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (890 KB) Reading the Mind \emdash  K. Khao-Suan-Luang. 
\par  
\par These are insightful teachings by a Lay Thai women teacher, Kee Nanayon (1901-1978); who
 established a Dhamma centre, Khao-Suan-Luang in 1945. Upasika Kee attracted Dhamma students, and residents came to include both female lay devotees and white-robed nuns. These Dhamma talks were mainly given to the women who stayed at her centre to practi
ce meditation. After listening with calm and centred mind, they would all sit in meditation together. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (258 KB) Scientific Acceptability of Rebirth \emdash  Dr. Granville Dharmawardena. 
\par  
\par Dr. Dharmawardena points out that the reason why classical science c
annot explain rebirth is due to inherent limitations in classical science. Modern science has transcended these limitations, and therefore rebirth is within the scope of modern science. Modern science accepts rebirth as a scientifically acceptable phenome
non through the same tests used to prove scientific acceptability of generally accepted modern science phenomena. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (1,461 KB) A Tree in the Forest \emdash  A Collection of Ajahn Chah's Similes. 
\par  
\par "People have asked me about my practice. How do I prepare my mind 
for meditation? There is nothing special. I just keep it where it always is. They ask. "Then are you an Arahant? Do I know? I am like a tree in the forest, full of leaves, blossoms and fruit. Birds come to eat and nest, and animals seek rest in the shade.
 Yet the tree does not know itself. It follows its own nature. It is as it is". - Ajahn Chah. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (3,281 KB) Wind in the Forest \emdash  Poems by Ven. Sujiva. 
\par  
\par This book is a unique collection of poems, write-ups, illustrations and photos. In Venerable Sujiva's si
ncere and heartfelt writings, readers may find many touching incidents related by him in his many years of teaching. They will also come to understand him, his compassion and loving-kindness as well as the Dhamma by simply flowing with his pen. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (948 KB) Dharma Mind, Worldly Mind \emdash  David Smith. 
\par  
\par The first part of the book tells us what we need to put in place for complete Dharma practice - the Eightfold Path, going for refuge, and the Bodhisattva spirit. In the second half the book shows us how to turn t
hose requisites into a genuine living practice that embraces the whole of our life thus surely leading to the profound transformation that we all desire. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (130 KB) Buddhism as a Religion \emdash  Ven. Dr. K. Sri Dhammananda. 
\par  
\par The contents of this popular publi
cation are a simple exposition of Buddhism as a modern way of life. This highly qualified Sri Lankan Buddhist scholar has a special gift of interpreting the Buddha's Teachings for people from every walk of life. His whole approach to the exposition of the
 Dhamma is governed by his deep concern for giving the ancient teachings a contemporary relevance, and has a meaning that cuts across the boundaries of time, space, race, culture and even religious beliefs.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (2,220 KB) What Buddhists Believe (Expanded 4th edition) \emdash  Ven. Dr. K. Sri Dhammananda. 
\par  
\par This expanded 4th edition of "What Buddhists Believe" answers many questions which are asked about Buddhism by Buddhists and non-Buddhists alike. There are so many misconceptions regarding superstitions and misin
terpretations which are associated with this noble religion that it has become imperative to explain the Teachings in a manner which has contemporary relevance. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (735 KB) The Buddhist Way \emdash  Ven. Dr. K. Sri Dhammananda. 
\par  
\par Dr K. Sri Dhammananda explains so
me Buddhist cultural practices: Going for Refuges, Religious Rites, Alms Giving, Marriage, Buddhist Education and Cultural Practices, Images, Holy Water, Holy Thread, Talismans and Amulets, Blessing Services for Children, Death, Post Mortem, Funerals, Bur
ial and Cremation, Disposal of the Ashes, Period of Mourning, Post-Funeral Rites and Memorial Services. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (130 KB) Buddhism for the Future \emdash  Ven. Dr. K. Sri Dhammananda. 
\par  
\par Some of the topics Dr K. Sri Dhammananda addresses here are: Buddhism as a Force Aga
inst War; Unity in Buddhist Schools of Thought; Ecumenism, Role of the Sangha, The Bhikkhuni Order, Proselytization, Buddhist Values, The Third Millennium, The Lay Person, Social Concerns. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (542 KB) Facing the Future \emdash  Bhikkhu Bodhi. 
\par  
\par Four essays on the
 social relevance of Buddhism: A Buddhist Social Ethic for the New Century; A Buddhist Approach to Economic and Social development; The Changing Face of Buddhism; Sangha at the Crossroads. In this collection of essays, Ven. Bhikkhu Bodhi uses the Buddha's
 teaching as a lens through which to examine some of the confusions about social values that have engulfed us at the dawn of the new century. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (397 KB) Snow in the Summer \emdash  Ven. Sayadaw U Jotika. 
\par  
\par This book is a compilation 
of extracts from letters written by Sayadaw U Jotika, a Burmese Buddhist monk, to his Western students ten to fifteen years ago. These letters have been collated under the topics indicated by these chapter headings: Mind, Mindfulness and Meditation; Solit
ude; Parental Love and Guidance; Life, Living and Death; Learning and Teaching; Value and Philosophy; Friendship, Relationships and Loving-kindness. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (469 KB) Animal Magnetism \emdash  Francis Story. 
\par  
\par Subtitled: The Attraction of Spiritual Leaders by Francis St
ory. This booklet is a good reminder to us, so that we always strive in the right direction. Practice is the only way. Even though faith and devotion to one's teacher can be a positive thing, we must always remember that "an excessive faith is accompanied
 by corresponding deficiency of wisdom".  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (138 KB) From Womb to Womb \emdash  Francis Story. 
\par  
\par Metamorphosis of a Mother. For twenty-five years Francis Story lived in Asian countries, where he deeply studied the Buddha's philosophy of life. His research into th
e teachings on rebirth started while in Myanmar (Burma) and was later continued with careful investigation of spontaneous rebirth recollections. This book includes 'A Reading Guide to Death and Rebirth', by Ven. Bodhisara which offers an overview on some 
topics of death and rebirth: near death experiences, past life experiences, dying and caring for the dying, etc.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (336 KB) Handbook For Mankind \emdash  Buddhadasa, Bhikkhu. 
\par  
\par The Principles of Buddhism explained by Buddhadasa, Bhikkhu. As a guide for newcomers
 to the Buddha Dhamma (the Truth which the Buddha awakened to and subsequently taught), this book is an invaluable guide. In it are contained the essential teachings of Buddhism. The Handbook is especially useful for those who approach the Buddha's teachi
ng not as a subject for scholarly study but as a means to understand and ennoble their lives. It includes chapters on 'Looking at Buddhism' and the 'True Nature of Things'.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (150 KB) The Natural Cure for Spiritual Disease \emdash  Buddhadasa, Bhikkhu. 
\par  
\par The Nat
ural Cure for Spiritual Disease is a guide to Buddhist science, it includes three talks given in 1986 by this world-renowned Thai Buddhist teacher: 'The Scientific Cure of Spiritual Disease', 'The Use of Dhamma' and 'New Life of Peace'. Venerable Buddhada
sa is well known for the readiness with which he gives non-literal interpretations of Buddhist texts. He does not hesitate to reject as naive a word-for-word interpretation that has no bearing on real life.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (840 KB) Buddha Dhamma for University Students \emdash  Buddhadasa, Bhikkhu. 
\par  
\par The format to "Buddha Dhamma for Students" is as answers to questions a non-Buddhist is likely to ask about the fundamentals of Buddhism. It is the results of two talks given by Ajahn Buddhadasa in January 1966 to students at Tham
masat University, Bangkok. Ajahn Buddhadasa always has tried to set both young and old straight as to what Buddhism really teaches. He goes back to the original principles pointed out by the Buddha, explaining these simply and directly, and showing that t
heir relevance is timeless. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (1,002 KB) Only We Can Help Ourselves \emdash  Ven. Dhammavuddho. 
\par  
\par Kamma is an interesting subject because it concerns everyone and there are many different aspects of it. There are many natural laws that govern our lives but the mo
st important is the law of kamma-vipaka. In a discourse (A.N. 6.63) the Buddha said, "Intention, monks, is kamma I say. Having willed, one acts through body, speech and mind". This means that intentional action is kamma, and vipaka is the result or effect
s of it. The result may ripen immediately, later in this life or in a future life. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (480 KB) The Art of Living \emdash  Ven. Master Chin Kung. 
\par  
\par The Art of Living with Ven. Master Chin Kung, a Master of the Pure Land School of Buddhism. The Art of Living has cha
pters on: The Education of Buddha Shakyamuni, our Original Teacher; The Four Kinds of Buddhism Today; How Homemakers Can Cultivate the Bodhisattva Way in Daily Life, and an excellent Question and Answer section. Included is a glossary and a contact list o
f Ven. Master Chin Kung's teaching centres around the world.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (439 KB) To Understand Buddhism \emdash  Ven. Master Chin Kung. 
\par  
\par These are Dharma Talks given in Australia by Ven. Master Chin Kung. The teachings of Master Chin Kung are based on true sincerity tow
ards others; purity of mind; equality in everything we see; proper understanding of ourselves and our environment; compassion by helping others in a wise and unconditional way. See through to the truth of impermanence; let go of all wandering thoughts and
 attachments; accord with conditions to go along with the environment. Be mindful of Amitabha Buddha - wishing to reach the Pure Land and follow His Teachings.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (321 KB) Buddhism as an Education \emdash  Ven. Master Chin Kung. 
\par  
\par A Dharma Ta
lk given by Ven. Master Chin Kung at An-Kang Elementary School, Taipei 1989. Transcribed and translated into English by the Dallas Buddhist Association. In this talk Venerable Master Chin Kung gives us an explanation of his understanding of Buddhism as an
 education rather than as a religion. There are chapters on the author's own experience of Buddhism and the methodology and symbolism of the Buddhist Educational System.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (321 KB) The Light of Asia \emdash  Sir Edwin Arnold. (TEXT ONLY) 
\par  
\par In the sumptuous Buddh
ist literature of the world, "The Light of Asia", by Sir Edwin Arnold, is without any doubt, a unique work. It is primarily because, this is the only original poem written in English on the Buddha, throughout the long history of Buddhism. This distinction
 
is quite necessary to be established, because there are translations of original Pali works into English and other languages. Some of these are outstanding instances of spiritual poetry. Sir Edwin Arnold, the Author of this epic poem, was initially persua
ded to compose this sacred work, as a result of his deep and abiding desire to aid in the better and mutual understanding between East and West. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (6,407 KB) The Light of Asia \emdash  Sir Edwin Arnold. (TEXT WITH ILLUSTRATIONS) 
\par  
\par An Illustrated version of the 'Light of Asia', with text. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (1,083 KB) Buddha's Constant Companion - Ven. Ananda \emdash  by Ven. Weragoda Sarada. 
\par  
\par In this life of the Buddha's personal attendant, Venerable Ananda, we see that in his character and outlook, Ananda was touchingly and movingly h
uman. This was partly because of his simple and charming behaviour, and his ever-present readiness to help anyone who was in distress or difficulty. In spite of his administrative and organisational responsibilities as the Buddha's attendant, Ananda displ
ayed a deep intellectuality and a profound grasp of abstruse philosophic concepts. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (795 KB) Women in Buddhism - Question & Answers \emdash  Ven. Chatsumarn Kabilsingh Ph.D. 
\par  
\par Ven. Chatsumarn Kabilsingh provides answers to questions often asked about women and t
he ordination issue and related topics. She responds to such questions as: In the Buddha's time what role did women play in Buddhism? Why cannot women become buddhas? What is the Buddhist attitude towards prostitution? What is an attitude of a Buddhist to
wards abortion? What is the unique characteristic in American Buddhism which might interest a feminist?  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (401 KB) The Position of Women in Buddhism \emdash  Dr. (Mrs.) L.S. Dewaraja. 
\par  
\par Today, when the role of Women in Society is an issue of worldwide interest i
t is opportune that we should pause to look at it from a Buddhist perspective. In the recent past, a number of books have been written on the changing status of women in Hindu and Islamic societies, but with regard to women in Buddhism, ever since the dis
t
inguished Pali scholar, Miss I.B. Horner, wrote her book on Women under Primitive Buddhism, as far back as 1930, very little interest has been taken in the subject. It seems, therefore, justified to raise again the question whether the position of women i
n Buddhist societies was better than that in non-Buddhist societies of Asia. We will look briefly into the position in Sri Lanka, Thailand, Burma and Tibet, at a time before the impact of the West was ever felt. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (1,010 KB) One Foot in the World \emdash  Lily de Silva. 
\par  
\par While walking along the path to liberation a Buddhist has to live in the world and deal with the conditions of worldly existence. This problem is likely to be felt especially acutely by the lay Buddhist, who may find that the demands and attracti
ons of secular life tend to pull him or her away from the path to deliverance. However, the Buddha was not unaware of or unconcerned about this dilemma confronted by his lay disciples, but gave it his careful attention. He taught his lay followers how to 
organize lay life in accordance with the ethical principles of the Dhamma and how to lead successful lay lives without deviating from the path of rectitude. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (199 KB) Preparing for Death & Helping the Dying \emdash  Sangye Khadro. 
\par  
\par This booklet is based on material used during a seminar that I have taught in Singapore and elsewhere, entitled \'93Preparing for Death and Helping the Dying.\'94 This seminar answers a genuine need in today\rquote 
s world, as expressed by one participant: \'93I am interested to know more about death and how to help dying people, but it\rquote s very difficult to find anyone willing to talk about these things.\'94
 The material for the seminar is taken mainly from two sources: traditional Buddhist teachings, and contemporary writings in the field of caring for t
he dying. This booklet is meant as a brief introduction to the subject rather than a detailed explanation.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (1,084 KB) A Guide to a Proper Buddhist Funeral \emdash  Koperasi Buddhisme Malaysia Berhad. 
\par  
\par This is a hand book on Buddhist Funerals, with sections o
n practical advice as to what is to be done when a family member is critically ill; the final moments; when death takes place; preparing for the funeral; paying last respects; the final rites; verses for contemplation; the burial / cremation ceremony and 
the memorial service. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (485 KB) The Many Faces of Death \emdash  Jacqui James. 
\par  
\par Imagine a life partner, a family member or a close friend of yours is dying.}{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223  How might she or he be feeling - f}{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 a}{
\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 cing death, being in pain maybe?}{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223  What are her or his intimate needs a
nd wishes? What happens to us when staying with a dying person? How can we deal with the sorrow, the confusing thoughts and the trying situation? How should we communicate with her or him and with the family members and friends? When a beloved person is d
ying we are touched to our deepest core. Difficult, painful emotions may rush up, stirring in our hearts. Dying and death becomes a great challenger, breaking into our lives \endash  which we try so hard to keep smooth and under control. 
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (4,208 KB) To Cherish All Life \emdash  Roshi Philip Kapleau. 
\par  
\par A Buddhist View of Animal Slaughter and Meat Eating. "No discussion of animal welfare would be meaningful that did not deal with the morality of flesh eating. Since I have chosen to put this subject in the context of
 Buddhism, it seems desirable, first of all, to discuss the significance of the first precept in Buddhism of not taking life. This in turn raises two fundamental questions: Can the first precept be fairly construed to prohibit meat eating? and second, Is 
there reliable evidence that the Buddha sanctioned flesh eating? . . . " Philip Kapleau, Roshi.
\par  
\par (3,344 KB) Buddhist Pilgrimage \emdash  Chan Khoon San. 
\par  
\par The idea of a pilgrimage came from the Buddha himself. Before He passed into Mahaparinibbana, the Buddha ad
vised pious disciples to visit four places that may be for their inspiration after He was gone. They are Lumbini, where He was born; Buddhagaya, where He attained Supreme Enlightenment; Deer Park in Sarnath, where He preached the First Sermon; and Kusinar
a, where He passed into Mahaparinibbana. 
\par  
\par (929 KB) Beyond Belief: A Buddhist Critique of Fundamental Christianity \emdash  A. L. De Silva. 
\par  
\par The purpose of this book is threefold. Firstly it aims to critically examine the fundamentalist approach to Christianity
 and thereby highlight its many logical, philosophical and ethical problems. The second aim of this book is to help fundamentalist Christians who might read it to understand why some people are not and will never be Christians. The third aim of this book 
is to awaken in Buddhists a deeper appreciation for their own religion. 
\par  
\par (3,064 KB) Phra Buddha Dhammacakra \emdash  Wat Phra Rama. 
\par  
\par This is an account of the process of casting a Buddha statue: a case study of the making of Phra Buddha Dhammacakra. The proces
s of casting explained and illustrated. An Introduction of Buddhism. Rudiments of Mental-collectiveness. Dhammacakra Mudra: the meaning. Chanting for the Phra Buddha Dhammacakra. The placement and inauguration ceremony of the Phra Buddha statue.
\par  
\par (1,026 KB) Liao-Fan's Four Lessons \emdash  Liao-Fan Yuan. 
\par  
\par Liao-Fan Yuan originally wrote Liao-Fan\rquote s Four Lessons in the sixteenth century in China. The book was intended to teach his son, Tian-Chi Yuan, how to recognize the true face of destiny, tell good from bad, correct one\rquote 
s faults and practice kind deeds. It also provided living proof of the rewards and outcomes of people who practiced kind deeds and cultivated virtue and humility. Relating from his own experience at changing destiny, Mr. Yuan himself was a livin
g embodiment of his teachings.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid6644223\charrsid6644223 (4,767 KB) The Seeker's Glossary of Buddhism \emdash  Sutra Translation Committee of USA/Canada. 
\par  
\par NOTE: This is a revised and expanded edition of The Seeker\rquote s Glossary of Buddhism. The text is a compendium of excerpts and quota
tions from some 350 works by monks, nuns, professors, scholars and other laypersons from nine different countries, in their own words or in translation. The editors have merely organized the material, adding a few connecting thoughts of their own for ease
 in reading.  
\par }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid1711443 \line }{\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9387355 <end of file >}{\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9387355 
\par }}