{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Verdana;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt  Helvetica};}
{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt  Helvetica};}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf0 \sbasedon10 
FollowedHyperlink;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs16\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 sitemap-arrow;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs16\cf8\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 ebooks-small;}{
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs14\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 ebooks-link;}{
\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\cf1\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs21 \additive \i \sbasedon10 Emphasis;}{
\s22\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext23 Definition Term;}{\s23\ql \li360\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext22 Definition List;}{\*\cs24 \additive \i Definition;}{\s25\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs48\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning36\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H1;}{
\s26\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs36\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H2;}{\s27\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H3;}{\s28\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel4\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H4;}{
\s29\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel5\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H5;}{\s30\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\keepn\widctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel6\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs16\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 H6;}{\s31\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \i\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 Address;}{
\s32\ql \li360\ri360\sb100\sa100\widctlpar\faauto\rin360\lin360\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext32 Blockquote;}{\*\cs33 \additive \i CITE;}{\*\cs34 \additive \f2\fs20 CODE;}{\*\cs35 \additive \b\f2\fs20 
Keyboard;}{\s36\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6713\tx7672\tx8631\tx9590\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext36 Preformatted;}{\s37\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\brdrt\brdrdb\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \v\f1\fs16\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \shidden HTML Bottom of Form;}{\s38\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\v\f1\fs16\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \shidden HTML Top of Form;}{\*\cs39 \additive \f2 Sample;}{\*\cs40 \additive \b \sbasedon10 Strong;}{\*\cs41 \additive \f2\fs20 Typewriter;}{\*\cs42 \additive \i Variable;}{\*
\cs43 \additive \v\cf6 HTML Markup;}{\*\cs44 \additive \v Comment;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3679726\rsid9438478\rsid15207378}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6764;}{\info{\author Administrator}{\operator Venerable Bodhicitta}{\creatim\yr2003\mo5\dy6\hr13\min29}
{\revtim\yr2006\mo2\dy13\hr9\min8}{\version16}{\edmins83}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1276}{\nofchars7278}{\*\company Buddha Dharma Education Association}{\nofcharsws8537}{\vern16391}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot9438478 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s27\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs28\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 BuddhaNet eBooks\line 
\par PDF File List with Description
\par }\pard \s27\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 Web page: www.buddhanet.net/ebooks_childrens.htm
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 
\par }{\b\f1\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 PDF files: Buddhist Children Books}{\b\f1\fs28\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15207378 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid15207378 SUPPORT THIS SERVICE: Please consider a donation to this service, as your contribution allows us to keep it free of charge. 

\par   
\par A }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid15207378\charrsid2698975 list of all BuddhaNet's eBooks (PDF documents) with a detailed description of each}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid15207378  is available by 
downloading the zipped file at:}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid15207378\charrsid2698975   }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid15207378\charrsid16196174 http://www.buddhanet.net/ebooks.htm
\par }\pard\plain \s36\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1530\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6713\tx7672\tx8631\tx9590\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9438478 \f2\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {
\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478   }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (3,140 KB) Angulimala \emdash }{
\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478  }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 G.K. Ananda Kumarasiri. (Illustrated) 
\par  
\par The dramatic story of Angulimala\rquote s dual transformation from a diligent, virtuous student to a notorious serial killer, and once again, into a compassionate, spiritually perfect Arahant has be
en retold millions of times for over two thousand six hundred years. It has never failed to evoke powerful emotions in the reader or listener, both young and old. This presentation of \'93Angulimala\'94
 is designed to cater to a wide readership, ranging from young children, teenagers to adults. Parents can introduce the moral lesson}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 s of the story of Angulimala to }{
\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 their children as young as three years old, by reading, in sequence, the captions under each of the illustrations. The illustrations themselves unfold t
he life-episode of Angulimala to the child. 
\par  
\par (2,231 KB) Love Your Children the Right Way \emdash  Panyananda Bhikkhu.
\par  
\par I composed this book when I was in Chiang Mai, where I lived for 10 years. In my work there, I observed many parents who had children but kne
w nothing about how to raise there beloved children properly so that they would grow to be good citizens of the nation. When I thought about this matter, I started writing an article concerning parents\rquote  responsibility in raising their}{
\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478  children - Panyananda Bhikkhu.}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478  
\par  
\par (1,495 KB) Who's the Boss \emdash  Gambhiro Bhikkhu (Illustrated) 
\par  
\par Who do you think the boss of the Body is? Well the heart thinks HE is. But is he? The other organs certainly don't agree. Find out how each one of them tried to convince the others,
 and you, why they are the boss. This is a great story about the nature of the body, with Illustrations by Joel Israel. [36 pages]
\par  
\par (2,454 KB) In the Dead of Night \emdash  Gambhiro Bhikkhu (Illustrated) 
\par  
\par "I had been driving all day on a long, lonely, dusty ro
ad. Night had already fallen when I decided to rest. I still had a long way to go and I felt very tired." This book deals with people's fear and emotions with some scary, but humorous illustrations by Joel Israel. [42 pages]
\par  
\par (2,766 KB) Dhammapada Stories \emdash  Gambhiro Bhikkhu (Illustrated) 
\par  
\par Selected verses from the Dhammapada, all depicted with thirty-two beautiful illustrations. This collection is a great introduction to the Dhammapada and has been carefully compiled and edited for the younger reader by Gambhiro Bhikkhu. [126 pages]
\par  
\par (792 KB) An Upside Down World \emdash  Gambhiro Bhikkhu (Illustrated) 
\par  
\par Find out how the sad upside down world of four unhappy wanderers go the right side up again in this wonderful illustrated story book. Suitable for younger chil
dren, it includes some fun activities to do as you read along. This book has both colour and black & white Illustrations. [30 pages]
\par  
\par (1,490 KB) The One-Who-Saw \emdash  Gambhiro Bhikkhu (Illustrated) 
\par  
\par "There once was a happy land where the inhabitants lived a happy and harmonious life. They were kind to one another and their ways were simple. Their wants were few..." An illustrated Buddhist story about the "One Who Saw" combines Buddhist themes into a 
children's book. [42 pages]
\par  
\par (1,881 KB) Rahula Leads the Way \emdash  Ven. S. Dhammika & Susan Harmer (Illustrated) 
\par  
\par The Adventures of Leo: a delightful Buddhist story that describes the adventures the little boy Leo has when he meets the young monk Rahula. Thanks to Rahula's monk's training and good sense, Leo learns how to be the best little boy possible. 
\par  
\par (1,881 KB) Rahula Leads the Way \emdash  Ven. S. Dhammika & Susan Harmer (Print Version) 
\par  
\par Rahula leads the Way [Print version only]. 
\par  
\par (724 KB) Buddhist Tales for Young & Old (Vol. 1) 'Prince Goodspeaker' (Text Version) 
\par  
\par Fifty stories from the Jataka Tales - Prince Goodspeaker. Interpreted by Ven. Kurunegoda Piyatissa, Maha Thera and told by Todd Anderson. The Jataka stories, over millennia, have been seminal
 to the development of many civilisations, the cultivation of moral conduct and good behaviour, the growth of a rich and varied literature in diverse parts of the world and the inspiration for paintings, sculpture and architecture of enduring aesthetic va
lue. The Buddha himself used Jataka stories to explain concepts like karma and rebirth and to emphasize the importance of moral values.
\par  
\par (1,541 KB) Buddhist Tales for Young & Old (Vol. 1) 'Prince Goodspeaker' (Illustrated Version) 
\par  
\par This is an illustrated version of Buddhist Tales for Young and Old (volume 1), with line drawings by John Patterson, which are suitable for colouring in. 
\par  
\par (547 KB) Buddhist Tales for Young & Old (Vol. 2) 'King Fruitful' (Text Version) 
\par  
\par This is the second volume of fifty sto
ries from the Jataka Tales - Buddhist Tales for Young and Old, interpreted by Ven. Kurunegoda Piyatissa, Maha Thera and told by Todd Anderson. These stories are not scholarly word-for-word translations as have been done by others. Rather these tales have 
been rewritten in modern English understandable by western readers. By reading these stories, children and adults can develop their knowledge and learn how to face the difficulties of modern life.
\par  
\par (2,803 KB) Buddhist Tales for Young & Old (Vol. 2) 'King Fruitful' (Illustrated Version) 
\par This is the illustrated version of Buddhist Tales for Young and Old (volume 2), with line drawings by John Patterson, which are suitable for colouring in.  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (80 KB) Seeding the Heart \emdash  Gregory Kramer. 
\par  
\par This is a guide for
 teaching loving-kindness meditation to children. To learn about the radiating of loving-kindness to all beings with children, we have to tap into the store of knowledge accumulated by lay people and parents. It must be knowledge which has grown out of ye
a
rs of living and loving with children and young adults. Gregory Kramer, father of three boys, shows us here with subtle but precise adjustments in the standard practice of loving-kindness meditation he was able to anchor it in the lives of his children.  

\par BuddhaNet's Buddhist Studies for Schools eBooks 
\par  
\par This is a selection of text and artwork from BuddhaNet's Buddhist Studies for Primary and Secondary students.
\par  
\par (4,672 KB) Story of the Buddha Text Book - Primary Students 
\par  
\par Illustrated Biography of the Buddha, with each page including a line drawing with text in A4 size. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (4,075 KB) Story of the Buddha Colouring Book -Primary Students 
\par  
\par .Colouring Book: Ninety-three A4 size line drawings of the "Story of the Buddha" suitable for colouring in. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (431 KB) Guided Meditation for Primary Students 
\par  
\par This is a series of guided meditations with instruction for teachers for primary school students. This file is from BuddhaNet's Buddhist Studies for Primary Students section. The text includes seven guided meditat
ions for students, with detailed instructions for teachers. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (1,725 KB) Life of the Buddha for Secondary Students [A4 Size, Print Quality Only]. 
\par  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 .}{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 Life of the Buddha for Secondary Students with, sixty-four stories with linked exercises. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (710 KB) Colour in a Buddha Picture 
\par  
\par Art and Craft for Primary students. [A4 Size Cut-out Buddha image]. 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (908 KB) Colour in a Dharma Wheel 
\par  
\par Art and Craft for Primary students [A4 Size Cut-out Dharma wheel].  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (825 KB) Colour in a Lotus Flower 
\par  
\par Art and Craft for Primary students [A4 Size Cut-out Lotus flower].  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (844 KB) Colour in a Bodhi Leaf 
\par  
\par Art and Craft for Primary students [A4 Size Cut-out Bodhi leaf].  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (679 KB) Colour in a Buddhist Flag 
\par  
\par Art and Craft for Primary students [A4 Size Cut-out Buddhist flag].  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (703 KB) Colour in a Bodhi Leaf Painting for Vesak 
\par  
\par Art and Craft for Primary students [A4 Size Cut-out Vesak Bodhi leaf].  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (131 KB) Buddhist Greeting 
\par  
\par Art and Craft for Primary students [A4 Size Cut-out Buddhist greeting].  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (2,097 KB) Creating Vesak Gifts 
\par  
\par Art and Craft for Primary students [A4 Size Cut-out Vesak Cards and Gifts].  
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (156 KB) Maha (Great) Buddhist Crossword Puzzles 
\par  
\par Test your Buddhist vocabulary with these Maha (great) crosswords. (Secondary level) 
\par Download Textbooks by the Buddhist Education Foundation (UK) 
\par  
\par (4,082 KB) Key Stage 1: Illustrated Textbook on Buddhism for children aged between 5-7.
\par }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 \line }{\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478\charrsid9438478 (2,065 KB) Key Stage 2: Illustrated Textbook on Buddhism for children aged between 7-11. 
\par 
\par }\pard \s36\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1530\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 <end of file >}{\b\f1\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9438478 
\par }}